Move default interfaces spec to common ecma335 addenda location (#49914)
dotnet/runtime: docs/design/specs/Ecma-335-Augments.md

2. A module initializer shall run exactly once for any given module unless explicitly called by user code.

3. No method other than those called directly or indirectly from the module initializer will be able to access the types, methods, or data in a module before its initializer completes execution.

## Default Interface Methods

We propose to allow default implementations of interface methods.

> Default interface methods is a runtime feature designed to support the [default interface methods](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/blob/21dc9561aeffc87a31da44588ce7ed6930ee3333/proposals/default-interface-methods.md) C# language feature posed for C# 8.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default interface methods is a runtime feature designed to support the [default interface methods](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/blob/main/proposals/csharp-8.0/default-interface-methods.md) C# 8.0 language feature.
```
